[#55006] 14.1 Documentation: Hide attachments in Files tab (#15617)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/files/README.md

---
sidebar_navigation:
  title: Files
  priority: 830
description: File storages in OpenProject.
keywords: files, file storages, Nextcloud integration, OneDrive setup, Sharepoint setup, OneDrive, Sharepoint, attachments
---

# Files 

> Under *Adminstration -> Files* you can add external file storages, such as Nextcloud or OneDrive/SharePoint and manage settings for direct attachments to work packages. 

Author: ```suggestion
Under *Adminstration -> Files* you can add external file storages, such as Nextcloud or OneDrive/SharePoint and manage settings for attachments to work packages. 
```

## External file storages

Under [external file storages](./external-file-storages) you can add Nextcloud or OneDrive/SharePoint integration to OpenProject. 

## Attachments

> Under [attachments](./attachments) you can manage settings for direct attachments in work packages. You will also find the [virus scanning](./attachments/virus-scanning) settings here. 

Author: ```suggestion
Under [attachments](./attachments) you can manage settings for attachments in work packages. You will also find the [virus scanning](./attachments/virus-scanning) settings here. 
```

> Under [attachments](./attachments) you can manage settings for direct attachments, such as for work packages or wiki pages. You will also find the [virus scanning](./attachments/virus-scanning) settings here. 

Author: ```suggestion
Under [attachments](./attachments) you can manage settings for direct attachments in work packages. You will also find the [virus scanning](./attachments/virus-scanning) settings here. 
```
